now
that chronicle of higher education in
did this incredible story about as someone
who refers to himself as the shadow scholar
now the article does not share his identity
so we don't know who he is specifically but
he wrote this incredible article about how
he gets paid
two thousand dollars or more to write
essays and papers for college students now
this is not news this is something that we've
heard about before
but people are so unaware of powell
often this happens okay it's not one college
student
for every fouls and
this shadow scholar says that he is made of
very very good living doing what he does in
fact he made sixty six thousand dollars last
year just by writing papers for college students
who wanted sheet
so um... first of all let me just tell you
that the reason why this is so problematic
is because
their are
so many people in college right now getting
higher education
that no nothing
that cannot construct as simple sentence
and he gives an example of that
one of the people that came to him and asked
him to write uh... paper
was this one add business nature
and the business major uh... he quotes verbatim
in his article
so she emails him several times and she asks
in for help on this paper
on business ethics okay how funny is that
sellecca some bachelor topic of the paper
cell i have some of her uh... emails i want
you guys to read it i'm gonna read them verbatim
you guys if you'd be amazed at how many grammatical
and spelling errors that are in each sentence
let's put the backup
uh... first one is you didn t business affects
proposal for me i_d_ proposal dot approved
please can you will write me paper
that was the first email that she sent
and amazingly enough he actually understood
that sentence because he deals with so many
people who
are like this
but anna
look when you see that email you see
she really needs of
he's perennial rail service
makes sense
all my god this is incredible of that let
me continue
another email she writes i had to do with
sources
and she writes did you get the sellers i sensed
please where are you now
out where you are now in saree
this break
shimoga right desperate
surpassed spring project
or project itself
that's a spelling that survey and that's what
she wrote in the email next one
thanks you so much for the chapter is going
very good the professor likes it but once
the following suggestions please what do you
do you think
and that
it's incredible unlike and actually reading
uh... the words
you know the correct way she special so many
things wrong and you wouldn't understand what
i'm saying if i would agree to the way she
stuff
spelled it
but uh...
so but go ahead here's what i don't really
know the professor a
like she comes up to a man has that ms
presumably a very good paper
but the show star road
but she's done in his eye
here take pay pal
fit is blood
hi and would need your
reinstall
it's difficult as i believe it now out of
this lady
by this paper you're upset the right now i
guess so you're saying and one of the arguments
that the shadow scholar makes is that
professors have such a heavy workload and
they're so busy with so many different students
that if they don't have the resources to investigate
things so they're not paying close enough
attention so you know oftentimes arsenal come
out so that
come out to them and let
even if you have a hard time writing you can
still communicate verbally
right these students obviously have an issue
constructing sentences on paper okay so with
this particular student she first came to
the shuttle scholar asking for help
on the ethics paper right
after he wrote the ethics paper
the professor needed her to make changes
so shit
you know how to make the changes
so she have to go back to stop at this shadow
scholar
and asked him to make the changes and she
had to pay an additional money for that
and she decided
it is a pretty good uh...
paper on ethics and i'm trying to get my pt
h_d_ in business
so why don't i ask and or paid him to turn
this intuit these days
and he did
this woman somewhere in the world has a p_h_d_
in business
and it does not know
anything about business doesn't even know
how to construct a simple sentence any email
unbelievable
i am sorry for your first
uh...
net and decided to everyone badass period
managed care does scholar of like the ability
of professional wrestlers and
remnants
uh... sandoval
what did you speak is here to actually get
that you gave him absolutely
young lady let me just say something real
quick and how these stories have we done about
education
putting i think that
about how we want to go to college but we
can afford it
this girl is i mean this woman is getting
a p_h_d_ in business icn she's taking out
loans for it
what are you got your money's worth and get
that education why are you wasting your time
and you know the shadows caller kind of explains
it a little bit he says that a lot of the
people that come to him
art uh... either rich kids that are lazy
or they art english as a second language students
so
it did have a lot of articles when it comes
to obscene education
either they didn't get that property s_l_
uh...
in the high school so it all carried out the
college in there and a lot of trouble so there
are a lot of different factors that come into
play
but it's a good language at given
over more of pastime but i bet you are the
great majority a rich kids
'cause you're thinking like i don't know what
i was saying is
why bother getting a p_h_d_ and the way to
do with it the minute you walk into somebody's
room in the l_a_ mediate he's done that is
your gun late i mean
what's your point why do we saw them money
college at the alleles for the school
but you also at the gala mister baby travelers
com
that they've been right so and the reason
is the one of our prestige they wanted to
come to be able to tell my mom and pop pop
of desire that the shooting of my bag on the
system and
right around that now i absolutely city is
a and you know
he actually uh... writes about the rich kids
and he says that he loves when they go to
him
because they're usually the ones who knows
that they with their what they want their
the ones
will come from the rich families and they
know that they're gonna grow up to inherit
some sort of business
so they know how to box people around
so this shadow scholar describes them as
a student to know exactly what they want they
discussed at the directions there just lazy
so they don't carry out what they're supposed
to do for their college education it's an
incredible story